Welcome back to Mrs Rundown, in today’s video I
am going to be recapping the events of Kick-Ass,
a 2010 Comedy/Action film. Spoilers ahead!
You have been warned. Now like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you enjoy this video.
Dave Lizewski is an ordinary teenager
who lives in Staten Island, New York.
Inspired by comic books, Dave plans
to become a real-life superhero.
He purchases and modifies a scuba diving
suit, and arms himself with batons.
During his first outing, he gets stabbed and
then hit by a car. After recovering, he gains a
capacity to endure pain and enhanced durability
due to having some bones replaced with metal.
In his absence from school, a rumor spreads
that he is gay. As a result, his longtime crush,
Katie Deauxma, immediately attempts to become
his friend. Unhappy with the misunderstanding,
Dave nevertheless appreciates the
opportunity to get closer to Katie.
Dave returns to crime-fighting and gains notoriety
after saving a man from a gang attack. Calling
himself "Kick-Ass", he sets up a Myspace
account where he can be contacted for help.
Responding to a request from Katie, he confronts a
drug dealer, Rasul, who has been harassing her. At
Rasul's place, Kick-Ass is quickly overwhelmed
by Rasul's thugs. Before they can kill him,
two costumed vigilantes, Hit-Girl and her father,
Big Daddy, intervene, easily slaughter the thugs
and leave with their money. After coming home,
Dave realizes he is in over his head, and plans
to give up crime-fighting. However, Hit-Girl
and Big Daddy pay him a visit and encourage him.
Big Daddy's real identity is Damon
Macready, formerly an honest cop.
Framed by Mafia boss Frank D'Amico, he was
jailed. His wife committed suicide, leaving
behind his daughter Mindy. Against the protest of
his former partner Marcus Williams, Damon trains
himself and Mindy as preparation for getting
revenge on Frank. They have been undermining
Frank's operations by raiding his warehouses,
robbing his money and destroying his drugs.
Frank believes Kick-Ass is responsible
for the attacks and targets him,
though he accidentally kills a party entertainer
who is dressed like Kick-Ass. Frank's son, Chris,
suggests a different approach. He poses as a new
vigilante, "Red Mist", and befriends Kick-Ass.
He plans to lure Kick-Ass into Frank's lumber
warehouse and unmask him. However, they find
the warehouse on fire and Frank's men dead. Red
Mist retrieves a hidden camera he earlier placed
in the warehouse, and sees recorded footage of Big
Daddy killing the men and burning the warehouse.
Red Mist and Kick-Ass part ways. D'Amico watches
the footage and learns of Big Daddy and Hit-Girl.
Following the event, Dave
decides to quit being Kick-Ass.
He reveals his identity to Katie, and clears
up the misunderstanding about him being gay.
She forgives him and becomes his girlfriend.
However, Red Mist contacts him again, and tricks
him into revealing Big Daddy and Hit-Girl's
location. At one of Big Daddy's safe houses,
Red Mist shoots Hit-Girl out of a window, and
Frank's men capture Big Daddy and Kick-Ass.
Frank intends to have his thugs torture and
execute his captives in a live Internet broadcast.
While Kick-Ass and Big Daddy are being beaten
by Frank's gangsters, Hit-Girl, having survived
the shooting, storms the hideout and kills all
of the gangsters. During the fight, one thug
sets Big Daddy on fire. Big Daddy and Mindy say
a tearful farewell before he dies of his burns.
Kick-Ass and Hit-Girl resolve to defeat Frank
D'Amico once and for all. Hit-Girl infiltrates
Frank's headquarters and kills numerous guards and
henchmen before running out of bullets. When she
is cornered by the thugs, Kick-Ass arrives on
a jet pack fitted with miniguns and kills the
remaining thugs. Kick-Ass and Hit-Girl then take
on Frank and Red Mist. Kick-Ass fights Red Mist,
which results in them knocking each other out.
Frank overpowers an exhausted Hit-Girl. Before
he can kill her, Kick-Ass regains consciousness
and blasts Frank out of the window with a bazooka,
killing him. Dave and Mindy retire from
crime-fighting; Marcus becomes Mindy's
guardian, and she enrolls at Dave's school.
Meanwhile, Chris D'Amico sits in his father's
office, dressed in an upgraded suit. Facing
the camera, he says, "as a great man once said,
wait'll they get a load of me,"
before firing a gun at the screen.
Thanks for watching! Make sure to like the
video if you enjoyed it. Subscribe to the
channel if you want to see more of these movie
summaries. It really helps the channel out.